1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is the meaning of life (at least from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)! Beyond that, 42 is a peer-to-peer computer programming school. 

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

Probably in order to weed out people that want knowledge hand-fed to them. It also forces you to solve a problem solving on a puzzle (much like programming in general).

3. What are the core 42 principles?

Respect yourself, the equipment, and your peers. Demonstrate self-reliance and ambition. Participate in the 42 community that operates similarly to a family. 

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time?

Of course! One of the challenges is being held to the same standard as someone with coding experience, so it's important for the person to really want to learn. 

5. What makes 42 unique?

The things that make 42 unique are: its location, its tuition cost, its lack of classes, and its curriculum.  

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

There's so much that I'm learning, but I think the biggest thing is problem solving in general. 

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

Assuming that I'd already exhausted the Internet, I'd ask another cadet for help. 

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict dead-lines?

I have a four-year-old that I can't see until I've got a job. Achieving one level per month is, perhaps, the most difficult aspect of the cursus. It's a fine balance between learning everything that you can and learning enough to advance to the next level.  

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say?

Nobody helps you get a job in real life, either. 

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

From my understanding, you have to be at Level 7 before you can get an internship that will count, as well as pass 5 basic exams (I don't know what the policy is for the intermediate tests). I assume that you can leave anytime you like for an internship, but I don't think it would be validated unless you were Level 7. 

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

From what I can tell, a lot of companies are switching to the open-office model. I remember the VP from Google saying that his engineers are set up in a similar manner to the lab. It's also important to meet deadline requirements and collaborate with your fellow students/employees on assigned projects and side-projects.

Bonus